x PREFACE.

rated by the grammarians. BesideS, the numbers
are found in other MSS„ as themselves bear witneSS‚
which MSS. however abound with the (supposed)
interpolatione.

Certain points on which Ι differ from Bekker (to
whose text Ι have adhered as closely as possible) I
proceed to enumerate. Ι have invariably written
αὐτῶν, whenever the word referred either to the pri—
mary or secondary subject of the sentence. Ι have
also written τᾶλλα (not τᾶλλα, which Ι do not under-
stand), and in the termination of the infinitive of
verbs in -άω, and in adverbs ending in -ἣ (as παν-
ταχῆ), Ι have omitted ῑ subscriptum. On all these
points Ι conceive Ι have good warrant.

The figures on the outer margin denote Reiske's
pages ; those on the inner the sections of Bekker's
Oxford Edition. Ι have retained the latter, mainly
because they are always quoted in Thirlwall’s His—
tory of Greece, and should have cited passages from
the other Orators in the same manner, had I not
preferred to add to the paging of Stephens Reiske's¹
also, which, though omitted in the editions of Bekker
and Dindorf, are generally referred to by German
writerS, e. g. Boeokh's Public Econorny.

Ι have cited passages from the Tragedians
and AristophaneS, according to Dindorf’s Poetae
Scenici.

The following “ Elenchus Codicum’' is taken from
Bekker’s and Reiske‘s editions. I have also received

edii? Jwith the single exception of Isocrates [whom Reiske did not

A*

